## What is a load balancer? 
A type of technology that distributes the pressure between servers, how do we use it? To improve performance. Reliability and increasing the capacity of the load balancer system as a proxy for web users automatically distributes traffic between servers. There are different types of load balancing, which are: 1- Network traffic load balancing. In this type of network traffic, load balancing is distributed among several servers to improve the performance and efficiency of the system. 2- service layer load balancing In this type of service layer, the user is distributed between several service layers such as database and web service to improve system performance. 3-Hardware load balancing For this type, some hardware devices such as switches and firewalls are used to distribute the workload in the network. It sends a different version of the list of ips, dns requests are evenly distributed among the offending servers to manage the overall routing load. 5- software load balancing software is used to distribute the workload between several servers in this method. In fact, the software can intelligently distribute the load based on various factors such as the current load of the server and the geographical location.
This was one of the types of load balancing, now we have to look at its advantages 
*1-Increasing reliability: By using load balancer, the workload is regularly distributed between the servers, and as a result, the possibility of server failure due to high load is reduced. . 2- Improving performance: By distributing the load between several servers, it is possible to use more processing power and increase performance. So, by using load balancer, the user benefits from better speed and efficiency. 3- Resistance to attacks; The load balancer can act as a defense layer against malicious attacks and thus reduce disruptions. 4- Ease of management: using the load balancer, network administrators can easily add and remove servers. This was load balancing
