After all you may have some questions like what is load balancer?
 Lets talk about it
 What is a load balancer? A type of technology that distributes the pressure between servers, how do we use it? To improve performance. Reliability and increasing the capacity of the load balancer system as a proxy for web users automatically distributes traffic between servers. There are different types of load balancing, which are: 1- Network traffic load balancing. In this type of network traffic, load balancing is distributed among several servers to improve the performance and efficiency of the system. 2- service layer load balancing In this type of service layer, the user is distributed between several service layers such as database and web service to improve system performance. 3-Hardware load balancing For this type, some hardware devices such as switches and firewalls are used to distribute the workload in the network. It sends a different version of the list of ips, dns requests are evenly distributed among the offending servers to manage the overall routing load. 5- software load balancing software is used to distribute the workload between several servers in this method. In fact, the software can intelligently distribute the load based on various factors such as the current load of the server and the geographical location.
This was one of the types of load balancing, now we have to look at its advantages 1-Increasing reliability: by using load balancer, the workload is regularly distributed between servers, and as a result, the possibility of server failure due to high load is reduced. . 2- Improving performance: By distributing the load between several servers, it is possible to use more processing power and increase performance. So, by using load balancer, the user benefits from better speed and efficiency. 3- Resistance to attacks; The load balancer can act as a defense layer against malicious attacks and thus reduce disruptions. 4- Ease of management: using the load balancer, network administrators can easily add and remove servers. This was load balancing
After this there is one more thing that you want to know and its firewall
A firewall is used to protect our system or network. It can be prepared in software and hardware form. The firewall is placed in the way of the network to communicate with the outside world. In fact, anyone from the outside wants to communicate with our network, and on the contrary, their traffic is controlled by the firewall. In addition to being a firewall for the network, it is also for the operating system, which protects against hacking. Let's go to the ports, the first port is 1024, which of course goes from 0 to 1023, which are called well-known ports. The ports that are used for the main and well-known tasks, for example, port 80 is used for web protocol (http) and port 433 is used for https. Ports below 1023 and below are used for traffic tasks and the use of widely used and famous protocols, and from 1024 and above are unknown ports, and programmers are advised to use these ports so as not to cause interference. In its simplest form, the firewall is managing these ports. Now there are different types of firewalls, the most important of which are 1- packet filtering 2- stateful inspection 3- application filtering 4- next-generation firewall (ngfw) 5- unified threat management (utm) Regarding their definitions, well, in the first step of packet filtering, it says that I can identify up to 4 layers, it recognizes layers 1 to 4, and based on its knowledge of these 4 layers, it can establish security.

